Add `osu!taiko Mapping World Cup 2026` news post and wiki article (#14853)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2026/2026-06-18-osutaiko-mapping-world-cup-2026-registrations-open.md

---
layout: post
title: "osu!taiko Mapping World Cup 2026: Registrations Open!"
date: 2026-06-18 21:00:00 +0000
series: community_contests
---

Da-don! The osu!taiko Mapping World Cup returns, ready to crown the best taiko mapping country of 2026!

![](/wiki/Contests/TMWC/2026/img/banner.jpg)

The osu!taiko Mapping World Cup (TMWC) is a multi-stage mapping contest for the **osu!taiko mode**. Participants will create beatmaps in teams with others from their country, gathering points to be crowned the best country at creating osu!taiko beatmaps. There will be some special challenges along the way, so beware!

> A key change from last year is the reduction of allowed team size from 3-6 to 3-4. After signups are completed, participants will form teams with other signups from their country, or contestants from nearby nations if insufficient players from a country sign up. We are also allowing pre-made teams to sign up as a group, hopefully encouraging more people to participate and create even more fierce competition. The aim of this contest is to allow everyone to participate so the hosts will help you organise into teams and ensure everyone can participate!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A key change from last year is the reduction of allowed team size from 3–6 to 3–4. After signups are completed, participants will form teams with other registrants from their country, or contestants from nearby nations if insufficient players from a country sign up.

We are also allowing pre-made teams to sign up as a group, hopefully encouraging more people to participate and create even more fierce competition. The aim of this contest is to allow everyone to participate, so the hosts will help you organise into teams and ensure everyone can participate!
```

If you want to read more about the rules, contest format, schedule, and judging criteria, please check out this contest's [wiki page](/wiki/Contests/TMWC/2026) and [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2215635?n=1) for more information.

## Registrations

> Registrations are open from now until 00:00 (UTC) on July 4th! A live tracker to see how long you have left to register can be found on the [contest listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/287). To register, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/Ci2w27tsgibsbEU39), and join the contest's [Discord server](https://discord.gg/5bggGVgBBj) to stay up to date with the latest news and announcements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registrations are open from now until 00:00 (UTC) on July 4th! A live tracker to see how long you have left to register can be found on the [contest listing](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/287). To register, please fill out [this form](https://forms.gle/Ci2w27tsgibsbEU39), and join the contest's [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/5bggGVgBBj) to stay up to date with the latest news and announcements.
```

After registrations close, the [organisation team](/wiki/Contests/TMWC/2026#organisation) will review all submissions, appoint captains of each country, and provide them a list of potential teammates to organise. If this person does not want to be captain, a replacement will be selected. More than one team may participate per country and a captain will be delegated for each team. It is required for the team captains to be present in the Discord server to keep up with any announcements or changes related to the contest.

## Schedule

| Event | Timestamp (UTC) |
| --: | :-- |
| Round 1 mapping phase | July 11 until August 1 |
| Round 1 judging phase | August 1 until August 22 |
| Round 2 mapping phase | August 22 until September 20 |
| Round 2 judging phase | September 20 until October 10 |
| Round 3 mapping phase | October 10 until November 8 |

> | Round 3 judging phase | November 8 until November 28 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Round 1 mapping phase | July 11 – August 1 |
| Round 1 judging phase | August 1 – August 22 |
| Round 2 mapping phase | August 22 – September 20 |
| Round 2 judging phase | September 20 – October 10 |
| Round 3 mapping phase | October 10 – November 8 |
| Round 3 judging phase | November 8 – November 28 |
```

| Final results | November 28 |

Please note this schedule is subject to change.

## Prizes

The top 3 countries that reign supreme will be awarded with the following prizes:

- **1st place:** Cash prize, [contest points](/wiki/Contests/Contest_points), and a shiny profile badge.
- **2nd place:** Cash prize and contest points.
- **3rd place:** Cash prize and contest points.

> The amount of contest points awarded will be determined by the number of mappers participating in the contest, as detailed in the [contest points key](/wiki/Contests/Contest_points#points-key). The cash prize will be crowd-funded and those who wish to support the contest can do so [here](https://ko-fi.com/ikin5050).

Reviewer: soz but we don't do direct donation links in news posts

```suggestion
The amount of contest points awarded will be determined by the number of mappers participating in the contest, as detailed in the [contest points key](/wiki/Contests/Contest_points#points-key). The cash prize will be crowd-funded and those who wish to support the contest can check the [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2215635?n=1) for more details.
```

---

Please note that this is just a quick overview of the tournament. You can find more information in the [forum post](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/2215635?n=1) or ask questions in our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/5ewzEEcUCB).

> As TMWC enters its 3rd iteration we continue aiming for betterment and improvement of this contest to celebrate and provide a platform for the entire osu!taiko mapping scene. We hope to see many of you participating, watching livestreams, or otherwise engaging with this contest!

Reviewer: sounds a little stiff

```suggestion
As TMWC enters its 3rd iteration we continue aiming for betterment and improvement of this contest to celebrate and provide a platform for the entire osu!taiko mapping scene. We hope to see many of you participating, watching livestreams, or following along in the Discord server, this news feed, or otherwise!
```
